The Joe Rogan experience. You need another one of those.
What is the reason why you need so much water to do this?
Is it so that the frog has a place to be?
So the frog is safe, you know, I've never injured a frog or anything.
I'm sure he feels very comfortable knowing that here he goes,
oh, Jesus, you hop right out. He's like,
I know what the is happening here. Hey buddy.
Hold on. Let me just, okay.
So I just usually like to get a little bath.
Yeah, good.
Okay. This is basically the technique and I've put up to 10 frogs inside.
So he come. Hmm.
And now we can hang and talk for, you know, as long.
As he stay in there. Um,
what's the longest you've kept them in there and they live.
Like three hours or so.
And none of them have ever died. Nope. Wow.
That's pretty mean how bad do you have to pee right now? I don't want to 10,
anytime. Anybody complains about needing to pay,
I'm going to show them this video,
huh? 10th, 10th water. And what are they? Eight ounces.
16.
It's my water broke. It's more than a gallon of water. Yeah.
Now here's the magic of our site guy.
Not FMT. And after like,
get him to swim up to the, how do you do that?
I don't know.
I just like data it and had fluoroscopies and looked where they were and then
saw that. Then I figured out how to soar. I did sword swamp.
Do you feel him moving around inside of you when there's a lot? When there's 10
Jamie, your face? No. No.
I got no first to like to get a little bit of.
You forcing them out now can't talk
some more water.
What was the first time he did this one?
Um, I, I worked on it.
I started like three or four years ago and it's been, uh,
you know, it's.
The first time he put the frog in your mind got swollen.
And I didn't swallow the first time. I just wanted to get comfortable with the.
Farm. Yeah. And then I got it again.
After I tried it the second time. And then I built up a resistance to salmon.
Now let me, let's get a few likes sushi,
mouth empty right
here. He comes.
This is so bizarre.
Here it comes. Okay.
It's because I drank so much. So it's like, after like locate them,
you have to locate.
Okay.
To sound. What would you call this? Jamie ASM. R
this is so strange.
So for people that are just listening,
I highly recommend you go to the video because it's going to have to.
Condense. No, no, no.
No, no, no. We're going to keep this up exactly the way it is.
People need to say, oh, okay.
Take out like a liter of water.
God. That's so strange.
I spit on biggie.
That's called the water spout. That's how I usually put out the fire. Oh my God.
Hold on.
It's probably like, what the did I do deserve this?
I bet that fraud was just like an person in another life.
The water. Do we need another bucket? Maybe.
Can we get that plastic bucket in the back?
The, the F the amount? I don't know if that's good enough, but for now,
we'll just use that for now. It is a,
quite to wash the amount of water that's coming out of you.
Oh, let me see this better.
Where's he at right now?
Boy,
you got them in there. Put them in my hands. Okay.
There he is. Boy here. Little fella,
this watch little fella. You've had a rough life in that a road.
You've had a road petty.
So that's the frog trick. He's alive and perfect kid.
Yeah, he's going to be fine. Oh, don't lose him.
[inaudible].